feat: Table and Workbench guides (#1520)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

</Modal.Controls>;
```

## Table

> In version 4, we Table component becoms compound component. There is also one property that got renamed: `selected` became `isSelected`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 4, we Table component becomes a compound component. There is also one property that got renamed: `selected` became `isSelected`.
```

If you want to do it manually, you must transform your existing code as follows:

```tsx
import { Tooltip } from '@contentful/forma-36-react-components';

<Tooltip content="content of the Tooltip" containerElement="div" place="left">
  <TextLink>Hover me</TextLink>.
</Tooltip>;
```

Into:

```tsx
import { Tooltip } from '@contentful/f36-components';

<Tooltip content="content of the Tooltip" as="div" placement="left">
  <TextLink>Hover me</TextLink>.
</Tooltip>;
```

## Workbench

> Workbench in version 4 got moved into a separate package, but since we would like to deprecate this component, we don't include it in the main build. In order to use this component you need to install it separately:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workbench in version 4 got moved into a separate package, but since we would like to deprecate this component, we don't include it in the main package. In order to use this component, you need to install it from a separate package:
```

};
```

> ## Modal

Author: it seems that Modal ended up twice in this doc.
